hi everybody Wendy loved here and we are
playing minecraft xbox 360 edition and
this would be episode 2 of my series so
how is everybody I've been really trying
to get videos up I know I I have some
stuff I have some stuff I still need to
work on but hopefully I'm gonna get more
stuff up soon so please be patient it's
going to be uploaded don't worry uh you
might be wondering why do I have a
million wolves in my home it just seems
that I cannot get the pack leader
achievement on the xbox now I don't know
what's going on with that it might be a
glitch there might be something going on
but I'm really to me right now I have 20
wolves I've tried to get it it's not
going through so I'm just going to leave
it for now cuz I'm not resetting my game
I'm not doing any of that so I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna see if I get it I
get it if I don't I don't so oh hello
manukau hello no mom I swear they just
stick their head in my door like what
are you up to no it's kind of rude
really so we are gonna go out here and
you might remember this area had a whole
bunch of trees from episode one i added
a two-story home I've been kind of
working around a bit try to figure out
the houses and then to my greenhouse I
add a more sugar cane which I need for
bookshelves oh my god will he just die
already what is it not Oh frig so
annoying oh yeah look at creeper what
was the creeper over there oh uh what
why did you get out ah I swear these
wolves are trying to make my life
miserable wait doing I try and achieve
it now with like stuck with like 20 dogs
ah or wolves whatever you want to call
them
so my friend SDK 12 gauge building a
huge mansion again from episode one I
explained that he's not done it yet
because you're still work that needs to
get done so whenever he is actually
finished we will log on we'll show you
so I'm not going to go down there I'm
not going to show you that oh my god I
could be like a wolf breeder oh my god
oh ok follow me I don't really care
whatever and we are gonna go up here and
my friend obi-wan has built a huge Tower
now i kinda i always joke with them call
oh my crafts veteran because he's been
playing the game since it first came out
on pc now it's really really amazing
what he did I don't know one hundred
percent if he's done yet so I'm not
going to show you I'm hoping maybe in
the next few days he'll log on and if he
is finished we can actually get some
foot it like record some stuff and show
you what he has built which is its
you're gonna love it very creative it's
great so over here I had just built I
was like fooling around my village and
in a belleville library I mean it's
nothing like ooh but I just want to add
a few Billings to my village and the
funny part is down here is a courthouse
yeah because you know like in Minecraft
when you steal things from people we
bring you to the courthouse oh god these
dogs these dogs are so annoying ah ok so
we are gonna head up here up this
staircase let's go ok so I had built a
castle and I know I know I should have
used stone I got kind of lazy but
excited at the same time and I really
really just wanted to build a castle so
that's what that's what I did and here
it is in here
look at that lovely and I have a tower
on each side which I have a staircase
going up and you go right to the top and
you can see the view of the village
which is absolutely amazing oh god oh
god my dog did my dog fall oh my god you
guys are annoying Oh Freya nest boxes
pack leader achievement thing could
drive me nuts oh oh oh I hope he's okay
oh jeez okay so um yeah that pretty much
sums up what has been done so far I
currently have a players on my map we're
all building and it's kind of fun i
really really enjoy it where I love to
see what people can come up with and
what they can create because that's the
whole minecrafting right makes it
interesting so up here you might
remember i had a mountain while you side
to build the two-story house once again
and then i have my little deck area out
here so that's pretty much as nothing
really amazing oh my god the dogs are on
the counter what are you time okay so
yeah like I said and I mean if anyone's
out there like YouTube subscribers
anybody who would like to join my map
build something amaze me oh and I'm fine
with you guys joining my game if you
guys want give me your camera text aloud
to you and we can build together as long
as you're not as long as you're not me
and you're not gonna steal all my stuff
should work out great so if you do want
to play on the map just let me know and
we'll work something out so I'm gonna
leave you with this and I hope you enjoy
my map so far and i hope to be talking
to you soon peace
you